I am Mukeshchandra Patel, and I’m a Sr.SQL/ETL Developer with 10+ years of experience in database development, Business Intelligence, and data Analytics.
Currently, I hold the position of Technology Lead on ETL/SQL-T-SQL and Power BI
My Skill set which I am using SSIS, SSRS/SQL/T-SQL/Power BI and Oracle DB
Created SSIS package, trigger, procedures, function, Indexes, write complex SQL query, optimization, and fine tuning etc.
On Database development I am expertise in SQL development, Reporting, Analytics and Business intelligence, encompassing SSIS, SSRS and SQL. I specialize in data extraction, transformation, and Loading (ETL) using SQL server Integration services. Demonstrating competence in migration from diverse sources such as Excel, Flat File, Oracle and more into SQL Server.
In my resent role at Infosys, I played a pivotal role as a Technology Lead, supporting the team in data loads, data validation, and addressing job failures. My responsibilities include creating SSIS packages from the scratch and maintaining all existing Packages as well as I have some experience on Informatica.
Additionally, I Supported L2 call like production support, Month end activity, if have any roadblock for production then involved in team and put my input to resolve issue
Using agile methodologies where we need to give update every day to scrum master and if have any roadblock we can discuss, 
them once development activity done and unit testing done then moving the code in QA for function testing and then production.
So, I was involved in all the phases of SDLC  |   Experience in shell scripting, Python and C#
For Visualization part I have experience on SSRS, Power BI and Crystal Reports, Drill Down report.
In Power BI I have experience in creating visualization based on business need as well as maintaining existing report, I have experience of DAX query, create measure column, data modeling, cleaning data, transformation so and so.
My Technical skill extend to source control systems like TFS, GIT and SVN and I’m well-versed in various ticketing tools such as Service Desk, JAMS etc.

